Speed up align subworkflow tests with sarscov2 fixtures (#939)
nf-core/raredisease: CHANGELOG.md

### `Changed`

> - Speed up `align` subworkflow tests: switch `subworkflows/local/align/tests/main.nf.test` from full GRCh37-scale reference/read data to the small sarscov2 fixtures [issue #938](https://github.com/nf-core/raredisease/issues/938) [PR #TBD]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Speed up `align` subworkflow tests: switch `subworkflows/local/align/tests/main.nf.test` from full GRCh37-scale reference/read data to the small sarscov2 fixtures [issue #938](https://github.com/nf-core/raredisease/issues/938) [PR #939](https://github.com/nf-core/raredisease/pull/939)
```
